Update to release MP 7.0 (#445)
eclipse/microprofile: spec/src/main/asciidoc/architecture.adoc

== Architecture

The MicroProfile pom will identify the contents of each MicroProfile release.

> The contents include those features and versions agreed by the MicroProfile community.

Reviewer: "agreed to" or "agreed upon" is grammatically correct.

> The contents include those features and versions agreedto by the MicroProfile community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contents include those features and versions agreed to by the MicroProfile community.
```

The specifications for each release are listed in reverse chronological order.

[[microprofile7.0]]
=== MicroProfile 7.0

> Based on MicroProfile's time-boxed release process, this is a major release that does include backward incompatible changes. This release no longer packages Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile, instead, it specifies the dependency on Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile. This release replaces MicroProfile Metrics with MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0 which offers the Metrics capabilities in addition to Logs and Tracing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on MicroProfile's time-boxed release process, this is a major release that does include backward incompatible changes. This release no longer packages Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile. Instead, it specifies the dependency on Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile. This release replaces MicroProfile Metrics with MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0, which offers the Metrics capabilities in addition to Logs and Tracing.
```

> Based on MicroProfile's time-boxed release process, this is a major release that does include backward incompatible changes. This release no longer packages Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile, instead it just specifies the dependency on Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile. This release does not include MicroProfile Metrics as MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0 offers the Metrics capabilities in addition to Logs and Tracing. Therefore, MicroProfile Metrics became a standalone specification.

Reviewer: Some recommendations:

"Based on MicroProfile's time-boxed release process, this is a major release that does include backward incompatible changes. This release no longer packages Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile, instead, it specifies the dependency on Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile. This release replaces MicroProfile Metrics with MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0 which offers the Metrics capabilities in addition to Logs and Tracing."

Removes "just". Simplifies wording on Metrics being replaces. I think we should not state that Metrics is a standalone spec within this spec.

> Based on MicroProfile's time-boxed release process, this is a major release that does include backward incompatible changes. This release no longer brings in Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile, instead it declares a loosely-coupled dependency on Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile. This release does not include MicroProfile Metrics as MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0 offers the Metrics capabilities in addition to Logs and Tracing. Therefore, MicroProfile Metrics became a standalone specification.

Reviewer 3: > This release no longer brings in Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile, instead it declares a loosely-coupled dependency on Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile.

I'm not sure what the difference between these two statements is. Is there a mistake here? Otherwise I would find it helpful if there was more information on what is meant by a "loosely-coupled dependency".

Author: Previously, the BOM has Jakarta EE 10 Core Profile included but now it does not have it included.

If you are still dependent on Jakarta EE 9.1, please consider using the https://github.com/eclipse/microprofile/releases/tag/5.0[5.0 release of MicroProfile].

> If you are still dependent on Jakarta EE 8, please consider using the https://github.com/eclipse/microprofile/releases/tag/4.1[4.1 release of MicroProfile].

Reviewer: Jakarta EE should not be referenced for spec MP versions that do not "depend on" core profile. There is no direct relationship between MP and Jakarta EE, only individual specs (like JSON-*, REST, CDI)

Author: I don't quite understand your above comments. It was the previous version of MP specs that pulled in the Jakarta EE specs. The sentences were copied from the last version of MP spec. I will slightly alter the wording a bit to mention:
If you are still dependent on `the Jakarta EE specifications` from Jakarta EE 9.1...
